Barriers
models/props_fortifications/barricade001_128_reference.mdl Metal Mesh Barricade (128u)
models/props_fortifications/barricade001_64_reference.mdl Metal Mesh Barricade (64u)
models/props_fortifications/barricade_gate001_64_reference.mdl Metal Mesh Barricade Gate (64u)
models/props_fortifications/barricade_razorwire001_128_reference.mdl Barricade Razorwire (128u) (no collision)
models/props_fortifications/concrete_barrier01.mdl Concrete wall
models/props_fortifications/concrete_barrier001_96_reference.mdl Concrete crash barrier (96u)
models/props_fortifications/concrete_barrier001_128_reference.mdl Concrete crash barrier (128u)
models/props_fortifications/concrete_post001_48.mdl Concrete Post (48u)
models/props_fortifications/concrete_wall001_96_reference.mdl Concrete wall (96u)
models/props_fortifications/concrete_block001_128_reference.mdl Concrete block (128u)
models/props_fortifications/police_barrier001_128_reference.mdl Police Barrier Notice
models/props_fortifications/fortification_indoor_01.mdl Luggage Push Fort
models/props_fortifications/sandbags_line2.mdl Building sandbags 6 layers
models/props_fortifications/sandbags_corner3.mdl Building sandbags 4 layers curved
models/props_fortifications/sandbags_corner2.mdl Building sandbags 6 layers curved
models/props_fortifications/traffic_barrier001.mdl Traffic Barrier
models/props_urban/railroad_gate001.mdl Railroad Crossing Light
models/props_urban/railroad_gate_arm001.mdl Railroad Crossing Arm
models/props_downtown/bollards_ornate.mdl Ornate metal bollard
models/props_street/bollards_512.mdl Bollard (512u)
models/props_unique/wooden_barricade.mdl Wooden barricade (no damage)
models/props_unique/wooden_barricade_break1.mdl wooden barricade (low damage)
models/props_unique/wooden_barricade_break2.mdl Wooden barricade (medium damage)
models/props_unique/wooden_barricade_break3.mdl wooden barricade (high damage)
models/props_c17/concrete_barrier001a.mdl Concrete crash barrier-higher
models/props_exteriors/guardrail128a.mdl road guardrail (128u)
models/props_buildables/wall_barricade_helper.mdl Wall Barricade Helper
