Construction
models/props_interiors/bucket_tools02.mdl Bucket Of Tools
models/props/cs_militia/shelves.mdl Shelves
models/props/cs_militia/shelves_wood.mdl Wood Shelves
models/props/de_nuke/ventilationduct02large.mdl Ventilation Duct
models/props/de_nuke/cinderblock_stack.mdl Cinderblock Stack
models/props/de_prodigy/concretebags.mdl Concrete Bags 1
models/props/de_prodigy/concretebags2.mdl Concrete Bags 2
models/props/de_prodigy/concretebags3.mdl Concrete Bags 3
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_01.mdl Wood Pallet 1
models/props/cs_assault/acunit01.mdl Air Conditioner Unit
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_01.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-1
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_02.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-2
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_04.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-3
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_06.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-4
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_09.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-5
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_10.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-6
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_11.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-7
models/props/de_prodigy/wood_pallet_debris_12.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 1-8
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a.mdl Wood Pallet 2
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunka.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-1
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunka1.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-2
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunka3.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-3
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunka4.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-4
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunkb2.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-5
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_chunkb3.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-6
models/props_junk/wood_pallet001a_shard01.mdl Wood Pallet Piece 2-7
models/props_highway/op_straightincline_med_u.mdl Overpass Straight Incline
models/props_highway/op_straight_u.mdl Straight U 1
models/props_highway/op_straight_u_broken01.mdl Broken Straight U 2
models/props_highway/op_straight_u_broken02.mdl Broken Straight U 3
models/props_highway/op_straight_u_broken03.mdl Broken Straight U 4
models/props_highway/op_colsb.mdl Highway Column 1
models/props_highway/op_colsc.mdl High Column 2
models/props_highway/op_curve_u.mdl Highway Curve
models/props_highway/op_onramp_column.mdl On Ramp Column
models/props_highway/plywood_01.mdl Plywood 1
models/props_highway/plywood_02.mdl Plywood 2
models/props_highway/plywood_03.mdl Plywood 3
models/props_industrial/construction_crane_leverbody.mdl Construction Crane Leverbody
models/props_industrial/construction_crane_leverhandle.mdl Construction Crane Lever
models/props_industrial/construction_crane.mdl construction crane LARGE
models/props_industrial/warehouse_shelf001.mdl Warehouse Shelves 1
models/props_industrial/warehouse_shelf002.mdl Warehouse Shelves 2
models/props_industrial/warehouse_shelf003.mdl Warehouse Shelves 3
models/props_industrial/warehouse_shelf004.mdl Warehouse Shelves 4
models/props_industrial/wire_spool_01.mdl cable coil
models/props_industrial/wire_spool_02.mdl cable reel-no wire
models/props_equipment/construction_lift.mdl construction lift
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_corner128r_001a.mdl Pipe Corner Horizontal (128u)
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_corner128d_001a.mdl Pipe Corner Vertical (128u)
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_bend256d_001a.mdl Pipe Corner Bend/Slide (256u)
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_128_001a.mdl Pipe (128u)
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_256_001a.mdl Pipe (256u)
models/props_pipes/pipeset32d_512_001a.mdl Pipe (512u)
models/props_pipes/concrete_pipe001a.mdl Concrete Pipe
models/props_pipes/concrete_pipe_filler02.mdl Concrete Pipe Filler
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01.mdl vent pipe window cover (breakable)
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_frame.mdl Vent Frame
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part01.mdl Vent Piece 1
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part02.mdl Vent Piece 2
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part04.mdl Vent Piece 3
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part05.mdl Vent Piece 4
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part06.mdl Vent Piece 5
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part07.mdl Vent Piece 6
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part08.mdl Vent Piece 7
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part09.mdl Vent Piece 8
models/props_vents/ventbreakable01_dm01_part10.mdl Vent Piece 9
models/props_vents/vent_cluster006.mdl Ventilation pipe-long straight
models/props_vents/vent_cluster007.mdl Ventilation pipe-90 degree turn
models/props_vents/vent_large_corner001.mdl Ventilation pipe-small bend
models/props_vents/vent_large_straight001.mdl Ventilation pipe-short straight
models/props_vents/vent_large_straight002.mdl Ventilation pipe Straight
models/props_industrial/dumpsterconstruction01.mdl Dumpster construction project-c11m2
models/lighthouse/junkyard_crane_arm.mdl Junkyard Crane-Arm
models/lighthouse/junkyard_crane_base.mdl Junkyard Crane-Base
models/lighthouse/junkyard_crane_magnet.mdl Junkyard Crane-Magnet (No Collision)
models/props_junk/wheebarrow01a.mdl Wheelbarrow
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk01.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 1
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk02.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 2
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk03.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 3
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk04.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 4
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk05.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 5
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk07.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 6
models/props_junk/wood_crate001a_chunk09.mdl Wood Crate Broke Piece 7
models/props_junk/wood_crate002a.mdl Woodcrate 2
models/props_junk/wheelbarrow01a_static.mdl Push wheelbarrow (solid state)
models/props/cs_assault/handtruck.mdl Handtruck
models/props_interiors/sawhorse.mdl Sawhorse
models/props_street/concertinawire128.mdl bellows-shaped barbed wire 128 Units
models/props_street/concertinawire512.mdl Bellows Shaped Barb Wire 512 Units
models/props_interiors/ibeam_breakable01.mdl Rebar (Tank can be broken)
models/props_interiors/ibeam_breakable01_damaged02.mdl Rebar-Break
models/props/cs_assault/box_stack1.mdl Stack of 12 Boxes
models/props/cs_assault/box_stack2.mdl Stack of 9 Boxes
models/props/cs_militia/boxes_frontroom.mdl Double layer box-top five and bottom three (easy to use)
models/props/cs_militia/boxes_garage_lower.mdl three boxes (easy to use)
models/props_crates/static_crate_40.mdl Crate
models/props/cs_militia/fertilizer.mdl Fertilizer
models/props/cs_assault/vents.mdl CS Assault Vents
models/props_misc/standing_tarp_narrow.mdl Tarp Narrow
models/props_misc/standing_tarp_short.mdl Tarp Short
models/props_misc/standing_tarp_tall.mdl Tarp Tall
models/props_misc/tarp_car.mdl Car Tarp
models/props_misc/tarp_hanging.mdl Hanging Tarp
models/props_misc/tarp_lean.mdl Leaning Tarp
models/props_misc/tarp_roof.mdl Roof Tarp
models/props_urban/metal_plate001.mdl Metal Plate
models/props_urban/metal_pole001.mdl Metal Pole
models/props_urban/oil_drum001.mdl Oil Drum
models/props_junk/barrel_fire.mdl Open Oil Barrel
models/props/de_prodigy/fan.mdl Prodigy Fan
models/props/de_prodigy/fanhousing.mdl Fan Housing
models/props_street/electrical_box01.mdl Electrical Box 1
models/props_street/electrical_box02.mdl Electrical Box 2
models/props_urban/concreteblock_corner001.mdl Concrete Blocks Corner
models/props_urban/concreteblock_wall001.mdl Concrete Block Wall 1
models/props_urban/concreteblock_wall002.mdl Concrete Block Wall 2-1
models/props_urban/concreteblock_wall002_32.md Concrete Block Wall 2-2
models/props/de_prodigy/tirestack3.mdl Stack of 3 Tires
models/props_urban/tire001.mdl Single Tire
models/props_swamp/winch.mdl Winch
models/c1_chargerexit/mall_rampbundle.mdl Collection of supplies making small ramp
models/props_debris/paintbucket01.mdl Paintbucket
models/props_debris/paintbucket01_static.mdl paint bucket (solid)
