Misc (Exterior)
models/props_unique/caboose01_drawer01.mdl Caboose Drawer
models/props_unique/caboose01_pictureframe.mdl Caboot Picture Frame
models/props_lab/powerbox01a.mdl Powerbox
models/props_lab/powerbox02b.mdl Powerbox2
models/props_lab/powerbox02d.mdl Powerbox2a
models/props_lab/powerbox03a.mdl Powerbox3
models/props_equipment/sleeping_bag1.mdl Sleeping bag 1
models/props_equipment/sleeping_bag2.mdl Sleeping bag 2
models/props_equipment/sleeping_bag3.mdl Sleeping bag 3
models/props_exteriors/lighthouserailing_02_a.mdl lighthouse railing (breakable)
models/lighthouse/wood_post.mdl wood post
models/lighthouse/wood_post_large.mdl wood post-longer
models/props_buildings/warehouse_beam_01.mdl Wooden column-Warehouse
models/props_docks/dock02_pole02a.mdl wooden pole-dock
models/props_cemetery/cemetery_column.mdl Stone Column-Cemetery
models/props_buildings/barn_supports_bases.mdl Eight Stone Pillars-Barn
models/lighthouse/props/junkyard_column.mdl Square column-Junkyard
models/props_wasteland/rock_moss01.mdl Moss rock 1
models/props_wasteland/rock_moss02.mdl Moss rock 2
models/props_wasteland/rock_moss03.mdl Moss rock 3
models/props_wasteland/rock_moss04.mdl Moss rock 4
models/props_wasteland/rock_moss05.mdl Moss rock 5
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff07b.mdl Rock Cliff
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock01.mdl Militia Rock 1
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock02.mdl Militia Rock 2
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock03.mdl Militia Rock 3
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock04.mdl Militia Rock 4
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock05.mdl Militia Rock 5
models/props/cs_militia/militiarock06.mdl Militia Rock 6
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster03b.mdl Two large rocks a
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster03b_caves.mdl Two large rocks b
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster03c.mdl two large + one small rock
models/props_foliage/rock_coast02f.mdl Coastal Boulders
models/props_foliage/rock_coast02_ls1.mdl Coastal Boulders ls1
models/props_foliage/rock_coast02_ls2.mdl Coastal Boulders ls2
models/lostcoast/props_wasteland/rock_coast02a.mdl Coastal Boulders c
models/props_wasteland/rock_cliff01.mdl huge rock wall a
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster01a.mdl huge rock wall b
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster02c.mdl huge rock wall c
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster03a.mdl huge rock wall d
models/props_wasteland/rockcliff_cluster03a_river.mdl huge rock wall e
models/props_rooftop/train_signalbox_01.mdl Train signal box
models/props/cs_militia/fireplacechimney01.mdl fireplace chimney
models/props_rooftop/vent_large1.mdl Ventilation pipe voltage box
models/props_rooftop/acvent01.mdl roof ventilation window 01
models/props_rooftop/acvent02.mdl roof ventilation window 02
models/props_rooftop/acvent03.mdl roof ventilation window 03
models/props_rooftop/acvent04.mdl roof ventilation window 04
models/props_rooftop/acvent05.mdl roof ventilation window 05
models/props_unique/generator_switch_01.mdl Generator Switch 1
models/props_unique/generator_switch_01_outline.mdl Generator Switch Outline
models/props_docks/dock_broken01a_256.mdl Dock wooden bridge-large-c10m5
models/props_vehicles/bridgecollapse_part01.mdl wooden bridge-c12m3 (No Collision)
models/lighthouse/props/wooden_bridge_a.mdl wooden bridge-base
models/lighthouse/props/wooden_bridge_c.mdl Wooden bridge-c14m1
models/props_unique/rope_bridge.mdl suspension bridge
models/props_exteriors/train_truss01.mdl Train Truss
models/props_lighting/lights_industrialcluster01a.mdl Airport lighting-no light
models/lighthouse/props/estuary_bridge_arch_big.mdl Large estuary bridge arch
models/lighthouse/props/estuary_bridge_arch_small.mdl small estuary bridge arch
models/lighthouse/props/estuary_bridge_corrug.mdl estuary bridge arch corrugated ceiling
models/lighthouse/props/estuary_bridge_beams.mdl estuary bridge arch beam
models/lighthouse/props/wheelhouse_dock.mdl Wooden floor for wheelhouse
models/lighthouse/props/wheelhouse_ceiling01.mdl Wheelhouse wooden ceiling skeleton a
models/lighthouse/props/wheelhouse_ceiling02.mdl Wheelhouse wooden ceiling skeleton b
models/lighthouse/props/ceiling_metal_beams.mdl Ceiling metal beams
models/props_unique/airport/atlas.mdl Hercules statue holding the earth model
models/props_unique/airport/atlas_break_ball.mdl Earth model
models/props_cemetery/grave_01.mdl Tombstone 1 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_02.mdl Tombstone 2 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_03.mdl Tombstone 3 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_04.mdl Tombstone 4 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_05.mdl Tombstone 5 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_06.mdl tombstone 6 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_07.mdl Tombstone 7 (breakable)
models/props_cemetery/grave_08.mdl Tombstone 8 (breakable)
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_a.mdl TAG-rail a
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_b.mdl TAG-rail b
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_c.mdl TAG-rail c
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_d.mdl TAG-rail d
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_e.mdl TAG-rail e
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_f.mdl TAG-rail f
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_g.mdl TAG-rail g
models/props_unique/subwaytracks01_h.mdl TAG-rail h
models/props_interiors/table_picnic.mdl picnic table (breakable)
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break01.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 1
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break02.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 2
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break03.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 3
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break04.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 4
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break05.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 5
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break06.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 6
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break07.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 7
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break08.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 8
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break09.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 9
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break10.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 10
models/props_interiors/table_picnic_break11.mdl Picnic Table-Broken 11
models/lighthouse/props/camp_tent.mdl camping tent
models/props_wasteland/chimneypipe01a.mdl pipe chimney
models/props_exteriors/chimney5.mdl a chimney
models/props_exteriors/chimney4.mdl Two-pipe chimney
models/props_exteriors/chimney2.mdl Three-pipe chimney
models/props_urban/chimney001.mdl Urban Chimney 1
models/props_urban/chimney002.mdl Urban Chimney 2
models/props_urban/chimney003.mdl Urban Chimney 3
models/props_urban/chimney004_02.mdl Urban Chimney 4
models/props_urban/chimney005.mdl Urban Chimney 5-1
models/props_urban/chimney005_02.mdl Urban Chimney 5-2
models/props_urban/chimney006.mdl Urban Chimney 6-1
models/props_urban/chimney006_02.mdl Urban Chimney 6-2
models/props_urban/chimney007.mdl Urban Chimney 7-1
models/props_urban/chimney007_02.mdl Urban Chimney 7-2
models/props/de_nuke/chimneycluster01.mdl Chimney Cluster 1
models/props_rooftop/chimneypipe_cluster02a.mdl Chimney Cluster 2
models/props_urban/planter001_128.mdl Planter 128 Units
models/props_urban/planter001_192.mdl Planter 192 Units
models/props_urban/planter001_256.mdl Planter 256 Units
models/props_urban/planter001_320.mdl Planter 320 Units
models/props_unique/waterfront_obstacle.mdl Waterfront Obstacle
models/props_unique/firepit_campground.mdl Campground Firepit
models/props_unique/firepit_campground_money.mdl Campground Firepit Money
models/props_swamp/parachute01.mdl Parachute
models/props_swamp/parachute_bag01.mdl Parachute Bag
models/props_swamp/plank001a_192.mdl Swamp Plank 192 1-1
models/props_swamp/plank001b_192.mdl Swamp Plank 192 1-2
models/props/cs_assault/wirespout.mdl Wire Soup 
models/props/de_dust/du_antenna_b.mdl Dust Atenna
models/props_rooftop/antenna01.mdl Rooftop Attenna 1-1
models/props_rooftop/antenna01a.mdl TAG-Rooftop Attenna 1-2 
models/props_rooftop/antenna02.mdl Rooftop Attenna 2
models/props_rooftop/hotel_rooftop_equip001.mdl Hotel Rooftop Equipment 1
models/props_rooftop/hotel_rooftop_equip002.mdl Hotel Rooftop Equipment 2
models/props_rooftop/hotel_rooftop_equip003.mdl Hotel Rooftop Equipment 3
models/props_urban/diving_board001.mdl Diving Board
models/props_urban/dock_cleat001.mdl Dock Cleat
models/props_urban/dock_pylon_cap001.mdl Dock Pylon Cap
models/props_urban/dock_pylon_clamp001.mdl Dock Pylon Clamp
models/props_urban/dock_ramp001.mdl Dock Ramp 1
models/props_urban/dock_ramp002.mdl Dock Ramp 2
models/props_urban/fountain001.mdl Fountain
models/props_urban/life_ring001.mdl Life Ring
models/props_urban/plaster_edge01.mdl Plaster Edge
models/props_urban/plastic_basin001.mdl Plastic Basin 1
models/props_urban/plastic_basin002.mdl Plastic Basin 2
models/props_urban/plastic_flamingo001.mdl Plastic Flamingo
models/props_urban/plastic_water_jug001.mdl Water Jug
models/props_urban/pontoon_drum001.mdl Pontoon Drum
models/props_rooftop/roof_vent001.mdl Roof Vent