Chairs
models/props_interiors/bench01a.mdl Wooden bench
models/props_interiors/bench_subway.mdl stone subway bench
models/props_interiors/picnic_bench_toddler.mdl child's bench
models/props_trainstation/bench_indoor001a.mdl trainstation bench
models/props_furniture/chair2.mdl Chair (breakable)
models/props_furniture/chair2_gib1.mdl chair gib1
models/props_furniture/chair2_gib2.mdl chair gib2
models/props_furniture/chair2_gib3.mdl chair gib3
models/props_furniture/chair2_gib5.mdl chair gib5
models/props_c17/chair_office01a.mdl c17 Dirty Office Chair
models/props_interiors/chair_office2.mdl Office chair
models/props/cs_office/chair_office.mdl cs_office high back office chair
models/props_c17/furniturechair001a.mdl c17 Wood chair
models/props_c17/furniturechair001a_chunk01.mdl c17 chair chunk1
models/props_c17/furniturechair001a_chunk02.mdl c17 chair chunk2
models/props_c17/furniturechair001a_chunk03.mdl c17 chair chunk3
models/props_interiors/chair01.mdl Light wood chair
models/props_interiors/chairlobby01.mdl interior Red felt wood chair
models/props_urban/hotel_chair001.mdl hotel lobby chair 
models/props_interiors/chair_cafeteria.mdl Blue plastic & metal cafeteria chair
models/props_furniture/hotel_chair.mdl red & brass hotel chairs
models/props_interiors/chair_thonet.mdl fancy wood chair
models/props_interiors/patio_chair2_white.mdl White European Chair
models/props_urban/plastic_chair001.mdl White plastic patio chair
models/props_interiors/sofa_chair.mdl sofa chair (brown padded)
models/props_interiors/sofa_chair01.mdl sofa chair
models/props_interiors/sofa_chair02.mdl sofa chair 2 (feet covered)
models/props_interiors/couch.mdl Couch interior
models/props_interiors/sofa.mdl sofa 1
models/props_interiors/sofa01.mdl sofa 2
models/props_interiors/ottoman01.mdl Chair cushion