Trees
models/props_foliage/tree_city01.mdl Urban trees
models/props_foliage/cedar01.mdl Cedar Tree (No Collision)
models/props_foliage/cedar_medium01.mdl Cedar Tree-Medium (No Collision)
models/props_foliage/cedar_large01.mdl Cedar Tree-Large (No Collision)
models/props_foliage/cedar_large_spawn.mdl Cedar Tree-Large-Withered (No Collision)
models/props_foliage/fallentree_dry01.mdl TAG-fallen tree trunk
models/props_foliage/fallentree_dry02.mdl Fallen Tree Trunk-Three Sections
models/props_foliage/fallentree01.mdl Fallen Tree moss
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk.mdl Tree Trunk
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_fallen.mdl fallen dead wood (large)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk01.mdl Dead tree chunk 1 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk02.mdl Dead Tree Chunk 2 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk03.mdl Dead Tree Chunk 3 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk04.mdl Dead Tree Chunk 4 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk05.mdl Dead Tree Chunk 5 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/tree_trunk_chunk06.mdl Dead tree block 6 (breakable)
models/props_foliage/mall_tree_large01.mdl mall tree-large
models/props_foliage/mall_tree_medium01.mdl mall tree-medium
models/props_foliage/mall_palm01.mdl Mall Palm-Large
models/props_foliage/mall_palm01_medium.mdl Mall Palm-Medium
models/props_foliage/mall_palmplant02.mdl Mall Palm-Small
models/props_foliage/oak_tree01.mdl Oak Tree- HUGE
models/props_foliage/old_tree01.mdl Old Tree- HUGE
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_dry01.mdl Swamp Cypress (Withered)
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_dry02.mdl Swamp Cypress (Withered) 2
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_large01.mdl Swamp Cypress (Wet) - Large
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_medium01.mdl Swamp Cypress (Wet) - Medium
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_small01.mdl Swamp Crypress (Wet) - Small
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_large01_grnd.mdl Swamp Cypress (Dry) - Large
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_medium_grnd01.mdl Swamp Cypress (Dry) - Medium
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_small_grnd01.mdl Swamp Crypress (Dry) - Small
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_knee01.mdl Swamp Cypress Root
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_knee02.mdl Swamp Cypress Root 2
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_knee03.mdl Swamp Cypress Root 3
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_stump01.mdl Swamp Cypress Stump
models/props_foliage/swamp_cluster01.mdl 3 trees + 3 rocks (Dry) 
models/props_foliage/swamp_cluster_water.mdl 3 trees + 3 rocks (Wet)
models/props_foliage/swamp_cypress_broken01.mdl broken cypress standing
models/props_foliage/swamp_fallentree01.mdl swamp fallen tree plants growing
models/props_foliage/swamp_fallentree01_bare.mdl swamp fallen tree bare 
models/props_foliage/swamp_fallentree_dry01.mdl swamp fallen tree dry plants growing
models/props_foliage/swamp_rockcypress01.mdl Cypress growing out of rock 1
models/props_foliage/swamp_rockcypress02.mdl Cypress growing out of rock 2
models/props_foliage/swamp_trees_small01.mdl swamp small tree cluster (No collision)
models/props_foliage/swamp_trees_small_row01.mdl small tree row 1
models/props_foliage/swamp_trees_small_row02.mdl small tree row 2
models/props_foliage/urban_palm01_small.mdl Urban Palm Tree 1
models/props_foliage/urban_palm01_medium.mdl Urban Palm Tree 2
models/props_foliage/urban_palm01.mdl Urban Palm Tree 3 
models/props_foliage/urban_streetpalm01_small.mdl street Palm 1
models/props_foliage/urban_streetpalm01_medium.mdl street Palm 2
models/props_foliage/urban_small_palm01.mdl Street palm short 
models/props_foliage/urban_streettree01_small.mdl street tree small
models/props_foliage/urban_streettree01_medium.mdl Street Tree-Medium
models/props_foliage/urban_streettree01.mdl street tree large
models/props_foliage/urban_tree01_small.mdl Urban tree small
models/props_foliage/urban_tree01_medium.mdl Urban tree medium
models/props_foliage/urban_tree01.mdl Urban tree large
models/props_foliage/urban_trees_cluster01.mdl Urban tree cluster 
models/props_foliage/urban_trees_cluster02.mdl Urban tree cluster 2
odels/props_foliage/urban_trees_dryleaves01.mdl urban dry bush (No Collision)
models/props_foliage/urban_trees_small01.mdl Urban small tree (No Collision) 
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_base_bushes01.mdl urban Tree base bush 1 (No Collision) 
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_base_bushes01_large.mdl Urban Tree base bush large (No Collision) 
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_base_bushes02.mdl urban tree base bush 2 (No Collision) 
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_city01.mdl Urban City Tree (Graphic error?)
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant01_small.mdl Urban Giant Tree Small
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant01_medium.mdl Urban Giant Tree Med
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant01.mdl Urban Giant Tree Large
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant02_medium.mdl Urban giant tree med 2
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant02_mediuma.mdl urban giant tree med 3
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant02_small.mdl urban giant tree small 2
models/props_foliage/urban_tree_giant_dario.mdl Urban tree large 2
models/props_foliage/urban_wall_basket02.mdl Urban Wall Basket
models/props_foliage/tree_deciduous_01a.mdl Urban trees-fallen leaves
models/props_foliage/tree_dry02.mdl Urban trees-withered
models/props_foliage/trees_cluster01.mdl Urban trees-three a
models/props_foliage/trees_cluster02.mdl urban trees-three b
models/lighthouse/b_burnedcedar01_01.mdl Burned Cedar Tree (No Collision)
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree01_01.mdl burned trees unburned
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree01_02.mdl burned trees burning lower body
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree01_03.mdl burned trees burning upper body
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree01_04.mdl burned trees burned all
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree02_01.mdl burned trees unburned 2
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree02_02.mdl burned trees burning lower body 2
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree02_03.mdl burned trees burning upper body 2
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree02_04.mdl burned trees burned all 2
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree03_01.mdl burned trees unburned 3
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree03_02.mdl burned trees burning lower body 3
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree03_03.mdl burned trees burning upper body 3
models/lighthouse/b_burnedtree03_04.mdl burned trees burning all 3
models/lighthouse/b_fallentree01_01.mdl burned trees-fallen down-unburned
models/lighthouse/b_fallentree01_03.mdl burned trees-fallen down-half burning
models/lighthouse/b_fallentree01_02.mdl burned trees-fallen down-all burning
